# Problem Statement
[Question link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/node-at-a-given-index-in-linked-list/1?page=1&category=Linked%20List&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sortBy=submissions)

## Problem Description

Given a singly linked list with `N` nodes and a number `X`. The task is to find the node at the given index `X` (1-based index) of the linked list.

## Input

The input consists of the following elements:

- An integer `T` (1 ≤ T ≤ 30), representing the number of test cases.
- For each test case, the first line of input contains two space-separated integers:
  - An integer `N`, representing the length of the linked list.
  - An integer `X`, representing the index of the node to find (1-based index).
- The next line contains `N` space-separated integers, representing the data in the linked list.

## Output

For each test case, there will be a single line of output containing the data at the `X`-th node in the linked list.

## Examples

### Example 1

#### Input
- `T = 2`
- Test case 1:
  - `N = 6`
  - `X = 5`
  - Linked List Data: `1 2 3 4 657 76`
- Test case 2:
  - `N = 10`
  - `X = 2`
  - Linked List Data: `8 7 10 8 6 1 20 91 21 2`

#### Output
- Test case 1: `657`
- Test case 2: `7`

#### Explanation
- Test case 1: The element at the 5th index in the linked list is 657 (1-based indexing).
- Test case 2: The element at the 2nd index in the linked list is 7.

## User Task

The task is to complete the function `GetNth()` which takes the head reference and index as arguments and should return the data at the `X`-th position in the linked list.

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ T ≤ 30
- 1 ≤ N ≤ 100
- 1 ≤ X ≤ N
- 1 ≤ value ≤ 10^3

## Expected Complexity

- Expected Time Complexity: O(N) per test case
- Expected Auxiliary Space: O(1)
