# Problem Statement
[Question link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/coin-change2448/1?page=1&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sortBy=submissions)
## Problem Description

Given an integer array `coins[]` of size `N` representing different denominations of currency and an integer `sum`, find the number of ways you can make the `sum` by using different combinations from `coins[]`.

**Note**: Assume that you have an infinite supply of each type of coin, and you can use any coin as many times as you want.

## Input

The input consists of the following elements:

- An integer `N` (1 ≤ N ≤ 10^3), representing the number of different coin denominations.
- An integer `sum` (1 ≤ sum ≤ 10^3), representing the target sum.
- An array `coins[]` of length `N`, containing integers. Each element represents the denomination of a coin. (1 ≤ coins[i] ≤ 10^3)

## Output

The output should be an integer, which is the number of ways to make change for the given sum of money using the provided coin denominations.

## Examples

### Example 1

#### Input
- `N = 3`
- `sum = 4`
- `coins = {1, 2, 3}`

#### Output
- Number of ways: 4

#### Explanation
- Four Possible ways are: {1, 1, 1, 1}, {1, 1, 2}, {2, 2}, {1, 3}.

### Example 2

#### Input
- `N = 4`
- `Sum = 10`
- `coins = {2, 5, 3, 6}`

#### Output
- Number of ways: 5

#### Explanation
- Five Possible ways are: {2, 2, 2, 2, 2}, {2, 2, 3, 3}, {2, 2, 6}, {2, 3, 5}, and {5, 5}.

## Your Task

You don't need to read input or print anything. Complete the function `count()` which accepts an array `coins`, its size `N`, and the target `sum` as input parameters and returns the number of ways to make change for the given sum of money.

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ sum, N, coins[i] ≤ 10^3

## Expected Complexity

- Expected Time Complexity: O(sum*N)
- Expected Auxiliary Space: O(sum)
