# Problem Statement
[Question link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/anagram-1587115620/1?page=1&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sortBy=submissions)

## Problem Description

Given two strings `a` and `b` consisting of lowercase characters. The task is to check whether two given strings are an anagram of each other or not. An anagram of a string is another string that contains the same characters, only the order of characters can be different. For example, "act" and "tac" are anagrams of each other.

**Note:**
- If the strings are anagrams, you have to return True.
- If the strings are not anagrams, you have to return False.

## Input

The input consists of the following elements:

- A string `a` (1 ≤ |a| ≤ 10^5), representing the first string.
- A string `b` (1 ≤ |b| ≤ 10^5), representing the second string.

## Output

The output should be a boolean value.
- Return `True` if the two strings are anagrams of each other.
- Return `False` if the two strings are not anagrams.

## Examples

### Example 1

#### Input
- `a = "geeksforgeeks"`
- `b = "forgeeksgeeks"`

#### Output
- Result: `True`

#### Explanation
- Both strings have the same characters with the same frequency, so they are anagrams.

### Example 2

#### Input
- `a = "allergy"`
- `b = "allergic"`

#### Output
- Result: `False`

#### Explanation
- Characters in both strings are not the same, so they are not anagrams.

## Your Task

You don't need to read input or print anything. Complete the function `isAnagram()` which takes the string `a` and string `b` as input parameters and checks if the two strings are anagrams of each other. The function returns `True` if the strings are anagrams, otherwise, it returns `False`.

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ |a|, |b| ≤ 10^5

## Expected Complexity

- Expected Time Complexity: O(|a| + |b|)
- Expected Auxiliary Space: O(Number of distinct characters)
