# Problem Statement
[Question link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-whether-k-th-bit-is-set-or-not-1587115620/1?page=1&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sortBy=submissions)

## Problem Description

Given a number `N` and a bit number `K`, check if the `K`-th index bit of `N` is set or not. A bit is called set if it is 1. The position of a set bit '1' should be indexed starting with 0 from the LSB side in the binary representation of the number.

**Note:** Index is starting from 0. You just need to return `true` or `false`. The driver code will take care of printing "Yes" and "No".

## Input

The input consists of the following elements:

- An integer `N` (1 ≤ N ≤ 10^9), representing the number.
- An integer `K` (0 ≤ K ≤ 31), representing the bit index to check.

## Output

The output should be a boolean value:
- Return `true` if the `K`-th index bit is set in the binary representation of `N`.
- Return `false` if the `K`-th index bit is not set in the binary representation of `N`.

## Examples

### Example 1

#### Input
- `N = 4`
- `K = 0`

#### Output
- Result: `false`

#### Explanation
- Binary representation of 4 is 100, in which the 0th index bit from LSB is not set. So, return `false`.

### Example 2

#### Input
- `N = 4`
- `K = 2`

#### Output
- Result: `true`

#### Explanation
- Binary representation of 4 is 100, in which the 2nd index bit from LSB is set. So, return `true`.

### Example 3

#### Input
- `N = 500`
- `K = 3`

#### Output
- Result: `false`

#### Explanation
- Binary representation of 500 is 111110100, in which the 3rd index bit from LSB is not set. So, return `false`.

## Your Task

You don't have to read input or print anything. Complete the function `checkKthbit` that takes `n` and `k` as parameters and returns either `true` (if the `k`-th bit is set) or `false` (if the `k`-th bit is not set).

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ N ≤ 10^9
- 0 ≤ K ≤ 31

## Expected Complexity

- Expected Time Complexity: O(1)
- Expected Auxiliary Space: O(1)
