# Problem Statement
[Question link](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/wave-array-1587115621/1?page=1&sprint=ca8ae412173dbd8346c26a0295d098fd&sortBy=difficulty)

## Problem Description

You are given a task to transform a sorted array of distinct integers into a wave-like array in-place. A wave-like array is an array in which the elements are arranged such that every odd-indexed element is less than or equal to its adjacent even-indexed elements, and every even-indexed element is greater than or equal to its adjacent odd-indexed elements. If there are multiple solutions, you need to find the lexicographically smallest one.

## Input

The input consists of the following elements:

- An integer `n` (1 ≤ n ≤ 10^6), representing the number of elements in the array.
- An array `arr` of length `n`, containing distinct integers in ascending order (0 ≤ arr[i] ≤ 10^7).

## Output

The output should be the same array `arr`, sorted into a wave-like array in-place. You do not need to return anything to make changes in the original array itself.

## Examples

### Example 1

#### Input
- `n = 5`
- `arr[] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}`

#### Output
- Sorted wave-like array: `2 1 4 3 5`

#### Explanation
- The array elements, after sorting it into a wave form, are `2 1 4 3 5`.

### Example 2

#### Input
- `n = 6`
- `arr[] = {2, 4, 7, 8, 9, 10}`

#### Output
- Sorted wave-like array: `4 2 8 7 10 9`

#### Explanation
- The array elements, after sorting it into a wave form, are `4 2 8 7 10 9`.

## Your Task

Your task is to complete the function `convertToWave()`, which will modify the given array `arr` to transform it into a wave-like array.

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ n ≤ 10^6
- 0 ≤ arr[i] ≤ 10^7

## Expected Complexity

- Expected Time Complexity: O(n)
- Expected Auxiliary Space: O(1)
